everyone okay so today's video is how to
create coverage on the skin without
their appearing to be a lot of coverage
a lot of people they don't like the look
of lots and lots of foundation or lots
or lots of makeup
I personally quite liked it myself each
their own I mean uh if I spent two hours
applying Tom Ford and Dior and the mayor
to your skin I'm bloody well wanting to
let you got makeup on hmm so but this
video isn't about that it's about
creating it's about creating the perfect
canvas without there appearing to be too
much texture on the skin which happens
when you lay it in layer foundation so
in this tutorial I'm going to show you
how to now this is most suited for those
of you with problematic skin skin a lot
of redness in skin that has the purple
red scarring from acne acne skin types
this will work perfectly for so first
thing you're going to do of course is
prime your skin or moisturize as I like
to call it I'm just going to use this
one it's by Terry brightening aqua balm
so I'm going to apply a little bit of
this to my skin and you know the I like
to do one side of my face cuz I'm not
going out in this you know I'm just
doing it just for you know so kind so
I'm just blending this into the skin if
you are stuck with me what I'm doing now
you would get as well I would be
massaging into your face like there's no
tomorrow okay so here's the fun bit what
you want to do is you want to get a
mineral foundation now first of all if
you find that your makeup is
disappearing throughout the day then you
can click here to go to another video
that'll open up and you can do that step
first but I'm going to skip this step
and it's in the description bar as well
so you'll take a mineral foundation one
that matches your skin tone and you're
going to apply this to your skin first
now you can apply all over the faces I'm
going to do lightly or a little bit more
heavy or concentrate on the areas where
there's problems so for a lot of people
the problem areas tend to be the cheeks
if there's a lot of
earnest or scarring whatever so for the
sake of this tutorial I'm just going to
stuff it all over the face now this will
add coverage but what you want that is
texture and you'll see in a second
because texture happens when you layer
products so already and this is why I
love mineral makeup because it just that
side just looks so much nicer than the
other side nice comes the fun bit next
you're going to take a liquid foundation
one that matches your skin tone as best
as possible so for ease of use I'm gonna
use Make Up For Ever HD foundation this
is in 150 excuse me I'm going to apply
it the back man and apply with my
fingers the mineral foundation has added
has covered some of the imperfections on
your skin which is what you want now
this foundation a liquid will increase
that but it won't add any texture all
this mineral matte foundation will stay
with the coverage but it all look like
you haven't got it on so I'm just going
to smear this and then you blend your
liquid or cream foundation whatever over
your mineral makeup and you'll be
getting two amounts of coverage but it
won't look like anything is on the skin
other than foundation I promise it's a
really cool way you also if your
foundation has got hasn't got an SPF in
you want to get any flashback from the
mineral foundation either just massage
it into the skin and you can see that
there is no more texture added here you
can't see it doesn't look any really you
know really any different from how it
was before but I promise you for those
of you with really problematic skin with
blemishes with lots of redness with some
of that purple and red scarring you will
notice a dramatic difference
in the way that your skin looks it will
appear more flawless and it will
photograph absolutely beautifully so you
just want to apply your foundation and
the beauty of this is you don't need to
set it with powder but it's always
advisable to set it with just a touch of
Hannett regardless just to just to keep
everything in place to add a layer more
of protection and you're done now you
can go about your day you can apply your
bronzer your blusher your highlighter
whatever but the skin looks real and
this is the side without now I don't
have really problematic skin but it's
not the point the point is the
demonstration can you see as well the
great thing about this obviously part of
it is to do with thee the primary use
might this moisturizer was you know
quite luminous but the skin looks real
it looks realistic it doesn't look like
it's caked in makeup which is you know a
look in itself and everything looks like
it belongs the face is flawless
and it will photograph so beautifully
you have no idea let me know what your
secrets and tips are for being more
delicious for being more gorgeous you
can follow me on all my other sites that
all in the description bar below I would
love to see you on that and don't forget
to rate let me know as well your
favorite ways of creating flawless
flawless skin this tutorial is based
upon the principle that we don't want to
see layers in layers of foundation and
again to reiterate if you have very
problematic skin just say here you can
just take the mineral foundation in your
shade and just buff it into that to
begin with and then apply the foundation
over your face you don't have to do it
all over like I did but to each their
own okay thanks for watching thank you
and I'll see you all soon bye-bye